hi rayline stuff a little and i'm doing
day by day makeup tutorial so i'm going
to start by applying eye primer then I'm
going to apply a shimmery cream color
into the entire eyelid now I'm going to
apply a gold color into the middle of
the eyelid and just blend it away and
I'm going to apply a dark brown to the
outer corner I'm going to make sure to
blend it inwards with the gold now I'm
going to create a wing with black eye
shadow
I'm also going to add a shimmery black
to get that kind of sci-fi look to it
now I'm going to apply black eyeshadow
into the lower lash and I'm going to
create a wing
and only line your eyes halfway
now I'm going to blend it with black
eyeshadow next I'm going to outline the
wing with a liquid liner this will
really help to find the eyes and I'm
going to blend any weights with dark
brown and reapply the gold and I'm going
to apply a cream shimmery color above my
wings curl the lashes and apply mascara
don't forget to apply mascara for the
lower lash line to double coated or even
triple coated if you need to and we're
now going to add false lashes
apply a nude lipstick color and I'm also
going to add a little pink into the
middle and don't forget gloss now I'm
going to take my time and contour my
nose and also highlight my face
I'm due to apply blush
and you're all done thanks for watching
I'll see you guys next time bye